Zhenhai, look here, it's big and luxurious
It seems that Lin's Group
I really value our Bai family
Of course.
otherwise
How can you give us 1 billion project cooperation?
Haha, Lin's Group?
You must be optimistic about the potential of our company
The Bai family will soon develop their martial arts
Mr. Bai, congratulations.
Mr. Bai got the investment of the group
There's so much ahead of us.
Mr. Bai can't just become developed in the future
In the future, you will have to raise more masters
You're welcome. This way please.
Why is he here?
Mr. Bai knows him
He is our adopted daughter
Recently, I helped him find his parents
Just just
The child despises his biological parents for being so poor
Don't want to go back
stalker
Want to stay in our present moment
This is too unfilial
No matter how poor your parents are, they can't help but accept their fate
young age
hate the poor and love the rich
I'm actually in charge of this growing up, which made you laugh
I'm going to college